---
layout: post
author: pedro
---

Cultura Viva Foundation and Alegre Global have started a new program to improve the morals standards and ethics of the public. The Way to Happiness is a 1980 booklet written by L. Ron Hubbard listing 21 moral precepts. Today it is the first moral code based on common sense, with the purpose to reverse the current moral decline in society and restore integrity and trust to humankind. This code of conduct can be followed by anyone, of any race, color, or creed and works to restore the bonds that unite humankind.

The 2 hours seminars based on the 21 concepts or precepts for daily living that are relevant to everyone without indicating race or ethnic background consist of educational movies and videos, interactive discussions, and books distribution. This program is dedicated to:

Improve honesty, trust, and competence
Increase tolerance and reduce violence
Combat drug abuse and juvenile delinquency

The Way to Happiness educational material includes concepts that are practical tools people could use to guide their own lives and to deal with the misconduct of others.

It is no secret that we live in a world of increasing immorality and rising criminality. The Dominican Republic is not an exception where we experience the harm resulting from the lowering levels of morality. The Way to Happiness was written to fill this moral vacuum in society. With the “The Way To Happiness” program, Cultura Viva and Alegre Global intent to guide others to a better quality of life and happiness.